website/docs: update docker outpost integration documentation for docker socket proxies (#12644)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/add-secure-apps/outposts/integrations/docker.md

## Permissions

> To minimise the potential risks of mapping the Docker socket into a container/giving an application access to the Docker API, many people use Projects like [docker-socket-proxy](https://docs.linuxserver.io/images/docker-socket-proxy/). authentik requires these permissions from the Docker API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To minimise the potential risks of mapping the Docker socket to a container/giving an application access to the Docker API, many people use Projects like [docker-socket-proxy](https://docs.linuxserver.io/images/docker-socket-proxy/). authentik requires the following permissions from the Docker API:
```

Author: Oh you're absolutely right.

I honestly just made the bare minimum changes possible (just the url in the paragraph above) because I was editing this on Github itself. Didn't want to bother with the lint checks and makes.

But since I've already cloned the repo for another PR I made, I'll make all the proper changes for this file too and make another commit soon.

- Images/Pull: authentik tries to pre-pull the custom image if one is configured, otherwise falling back to the default image.
- Containers/Read: Gather infos about currently running container
- Containers/Create: Create new containers
- Containers/Kill: Cleanup during upgrades
- Containers/Remove: Removal of outposts
- System/Info: Gather information about the version of Docker running

## Docker Socket Proxy

> Connections to a docker socket proxy must be made over `http`, not `tcp`, e.g. `http://<docker-socket-proxy hostname/container name>:<port>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connections to a docker socket proxy must be made over HTTP, not TCP, e.g. `http://<docker-socket-proxy hostname/container name>:<port>`.
```

Reviewer: The way you had it is also correct, *if* those are the exact values shown in the UI, but it is standard to capitalize the names of protocols (and I think it's easier to read/skim).

Author: That makes sense.

Thankyou for the suggestion!

## Permissions

authentik requires the following permissions from the Docker API:

- Images/Pull: authentik tries to pre-pull the custom image if one is configured, otherwise falling back to the default image.
- Containers/Read: Gather infos about currently running container
- Containers/Create: Create new containers
- Containers/Kill: Cleanup during upgrades
- Containers/Remove: Removal of outposts
- System/Info: Gather information about the version of Docker running

## Docker Socket Proxy

Mapping the Docker socket to a container comes with some inherent security risks. Applications inside these containers have unfettered access to the full Docker API, which can be used to gain unauthorized access to sensitive Docker functions.

It can also result in possible root escalation on the host system.

To prevent this, many people use projects like [docker-socket-proxy](https://docs.linuxserver.io/images/docker-socket-proxy/), which limit access to the Docker socket by filtering and restricting API calls that these applications can make.

See [permissions](#permissions) for the list of APIs that authentik needs access to.

> Note: Connections from authentik to docker socket proxy must be made over HTTP, not TCP, e.g. `http://<docker-socket-proxy hostname/container name>:<port>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Connections from authentik to Docker socket proxy must be made over HTTP, not TCP, e.g. `http://<docker-socket-proxy hostname/container name>:<port>`.
```
